[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
the former Buu returned!
[VEGETA] Surely he's built up
enough energy by now!
My power!
I can feel it slipping away!
[NARRATOR] But just as suddenly
as the old Buu appeared,
Goku stopped powering up,
and reverted from Super Saiyan 3
back to his normal form!
[DENDE]
Vegeta! We have all seven
of the Namekian Dragon Balls!
All right, now I'm
going to need you
to go ahead and summon
Porunga for me! You got that?
[GOKU]
Huh?
[gasps]
I am summoned.
I shall grant you
any three wishes.
Now speak, and let
your desires be known to me.
[NARRATOR]
Vegeta's plan begins, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] "Share Your
Spirit Energy with Me!
I'm Making a Huge Spirit Bomb!"
Well, ask him your wish, Dende.
You do remember
your formal Namekian, right?
Yeah.
Takkaraputo.
Popporunga pupirito paro!
[growling]
Great Porunga! Majin Buu
has destroyed Planet Earth--
not one trace remains.
Please put it back
the way it was!
[PORUNGA growling]
Okay! That's a
simple wish for me to grant!
[DENDE gasps]
He put it back to normal,
just like that?
[laughs]
He did it! It worked! Hooray!
[PORUNGA]
I have granted your first wish.
Now speak your second.
Well? I'm waiting.
[DENDE] Uh. Hold on, I hope I
know all the words for this one.
Pipotante
salimon poppo totelappo!
[PORUNGA growling]
Um. For my second wish,
I want you to bring back to life
all the people the wizard Bibidi
and Majin Buu have killed
since they arrived on Earth.
Well, everyone
but the really bad guys.
[ALL gasp]
[roars]
[PORUNGA] Very well.
But, please, be patient.
It's quite a demanding order.
All right!
Wow. I never even knew
such things were even possible!
[MR. SATAN]
You sneaky, slinky twerp!
--[BEE barking]
--Let go! Let go of him!
--Come on! Let go of my friend!
--[BEE barking]
--Un-wind! Un-wiiiind!
[grunts]
[BUU grunting]
Get your coils
off him you dirty, rotten,
no good, ugly,
stinkin', pink punk!
--[KID BUU grunts]
--[BUU hollers]
[MR. SATAN yelling]
Buu's friend!
[groans]
[KID BUU yells, laughs]
[BUU grunting]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[exhales]
[yells]
[BUU panting]
[BUU yells]
[BUU groans]
[KID BUU chuckles]
[BUU hollering]
Damn! This is bad.
Are you seeing
what I'm seeing, Kakarot?
Yeah.
[VEGETA] The fat one's
getting weaker by the blow.
He's taking damage.
At least that much is clear.
[VEGETA grunts]
Come on, Dende!
What's the holdup?
How long does it take
to make wishes?!
Bah! So impatient!
Quit your complaining, sonny!
You think it's easy
to remake whole worlds?
Sorry for the delay. I have
granted your second wish.
All right! Porunga came through!
Earth is back again,
and everyone on it's been
resurrected, Vegeta!
Is that so?
So then, what are you
thinking of doing now, hm?
Hm? Ah! Vegeta!
Look at your head.
Your halo is gone!
You're alive again!
[VEGETA gasps]
Hey! I was worried
they'd count you as one of
the bad guys and
not bring ya back to life.
[grunts]
Wait. Didn't that Majin Buu guy
turn me into candy or something?
Oh, my! This has to be
the weirdest day ever!
[GOTEN]
Anyone know what's going on?
Last I remember we were
turned into chocolate.
And Buu destroyed
the Lookout and ate us!
[shrieks]
Okay! Now I understand,
Vegeta! Ha-ha!
You wanted Goten, Trunks,
and Gohan brought back
to have them fight Buu, too.
[VEGETA]
Wrong.
[BUU hollering]
[BUU groans]
We're starting now.
You ready, Kakarot?
Wait, ready for what?
[VEGETA]
Tch!
To form a Spirit Bomb!
A Spirit Bomb?
You wanna form a Spirit Bomb?!
Did I really just hear
"Spirit Bomb"?
Now just wait a second.
That's your big idea to finally
kill Buu? Use a Spirit Bomb?
That's right.
--[BUU groaning]
--[KID BUU grunting]
You got him right where
you want him, buddy!
Let 'em have
an uppercut. Left! Right!
Why is this happening, Buu?!
This is my dream.
You should be
wiping the floor with him!
I believe in you, Buu!
[KID BUU yells]
[yawns]
[KID BUU chuckles]
Buu... turn you into candy!
What the--?
--[KID BUU laughing]
--[BUU groaning]
Hey. After all this,
do you really think
--a Spirit Bomb is gonna work?
--[VEGETA] Hm!
'Kay, but even if I do
collect a little bit of energy
from all the people
brought back--
It's the best way.
For once, let the Earthlings
take responsibility
for their defense.
And it won't be just
a "little bit," either.
You'll get every ounce of
spirit energy they can spare.
All they can spare, huh?
[PORUNGA growling]
Okay, Vegeta!
Porunga wants to know
our third and final wish!
I don't care
what you do with it.
I'll leave that to you.
Leave it to me? But I don't
know what to do with it!
[KIBITO KAI chuckles]
Never mind that!
Supreme Kai, can you hear me?
Uh. Yes!
I need to make an announcement
every person on Earth will hear.
Can you make that happen?
[ALL THREE gasp]
Do you mean how
during Buu's initial attack,
the wizard Babidi
would use his magic powers
to taunt the planet?
[BOTH]
Mmm?
I don't have that power!
[KIBITO KAI screeches]
Uh, I think you're asking
a little too much of us.
What? Oh, come on!
[KING KAI]
Don't worry. I'll do it!
It's kinda my specialty.
--Who's that?!
--Oh, wait! I know who that is!
This is King Kai, right?
Yep, the one and only!
And I'm thrilled you want to
use the Spirit Bomb, Vegeta!
Since I taught it to Goku
I kinda feel like a proud dad!
Okay, guys, it's all set.
And you can speak
not just to Earthlings,
but the whole universe,
if you want!
That's more like it!
Can you hear me?
Citizens of Planet Earth?
I'll be brief. I'm addressing
you from a distant world.
No doubt, you're confused.
The alien monster Majin Buu
killed most of you,
then blew up your planet.
But using powers you can
scarcely comprehend,
we've resurrected you all.
We've put back your homes
and your cities,
like nothing happened.
You may think
it was all a bad dream.
But I assure you, it was real.
Not a dream?
That can't be right.
Hey! What's he saying
about this not being a dream?
[GOKU]
Shhh!
He's giving a very important
speech to Earth.
No! This can't be real life! No!
Hey, big guy, listen up.
If you've got time
to put on this farce,
you've got time to help
the good Buu fight the bad one!
Just give us a minute.
Buu will come
though okay. Relax.
And on this distant world,
from where I speak,
a great warrior fights Buu
on behalf of all Earthlings!
But the truth is
that despite his bravery,
the odds are against him.
Yeah. I'm sure of it!
Guys, that's Vegeta talking!
[KRILLIN]
Shh!
[VEGETA] Majin Buu's strength
is almost limitless.
It exceeds that of even Cell!
[BULMA gasps]
Vegeta.
[VEGETA] This is why we need
the help from every man,
woman, and child!
Raise your hands in the air!
And offer your spirit energy
to help us defeat Majin Buu
once and for all!
You'll feel
rather weak afterward.
Exhausted, as if you've
been running for your life.
But I don't want
to hear your complaints!
Just do it!
Raise your hands
high in the air!
[KING KAI grunts]
Ooh.
That guy just doesn't know how
to ask for something politely.
Just say please.
All right then, Kakarot.
Do your thing.
Yes!
[chuckles]
I like this new side
of you! Nice going!
Here we go! People of Earth,
give me your energy!
We need you!
Of course! It's a Spirit Bomb!
My dad's saving the day!
Ha!
[PICCOLO] Hm. Good plan, Vegeta.
It's not your usual style.
Woo-hoo! Here it comes, guys!
The Spirit Bomb is growing!
[laughing]
This energy's from
Gohan and the boys.
Woo! And it's
already impressive!
If this is how big
it is with just them,
imagine how it'll look with
the whole world feeding it!
[VEGETA]
Not bad! But we need more!
Way more to beat Buu!
[VEGETA] Come on, everyone!
Raise your hands in the air!
Sure, Vegeta! We're on it!
Here!
Uh, like this?
[chuckles]
Here ya go!
Take mine!
[giggles]
All right! Now the bomb's
getting the energy
from everyone at the Lookout!
Vegeta! It's working!
[VEGETA]
C'mon. More!
[DENDE] It's working!
Way to go, guys!
This is our best chance yet
to finish off Buu!
So smart! Despite everything,
they're still finding a way!
With each new crisis we learn
how great these warriors are.
[KIBITO KAI, DENDE]
Yeah!
[KING KAI]
Hmm. Well, that's strange.
Sure it's bigger
than a normal blast,
but if Goku is actually
absorbing the energy
of billions of Earthlings,
the Spirit Bomb should be
way more intense than that!
No, it's growing.
The Spirit Bomb is getting
bigger by the second.
Yeah. Gotta be.
Porunga. I mean no disrespect,
but are you sure
you've resurrected
all the humans Buu destroyed?
Of course I'm sure!
Now where is your third wish?
[BUU hollers]
[BUU grunting]
--[KID BUU screams]
--[BUU chuckles]
[KID BUU groans]
[BUU growls]
[KID BUU yells]
He can't! Not the
World of the Kais!
[MR. SATAN, BEE holler]
Aw, damn it!
We need more time to prepare!
[KID BUU]
Hrm. Hmm. Hm?
If the fat one's gone,
who's gonna hold him off now?
[KID BUU chuckles]
[MR. SATAN groans]
Hm?
[VEGETA gasps]
Hey! Wait!
There are four Buus!
[BUUS laughing]
[BUUS grunting]
[laughing]
Well, my boy Buu isn't
down for the count yet!
Well. Scared me
for a second there.
[GOKU]
Vegeta!
The Spirit Bomb's
not getting any bigger!
I don't think this is
close to being strong enough
for us to take out Buu!
Strange. The Spirit
Bomb should have
already been
fully charged by now.
I-I don't get it.
[MAN 64C]
What? Raise our hands?
Like that's gonna do
any good. Talk about lame!
Whoa, wait, wait.
Wh-What was that?
Why am I hearing a voice?
Now who's talking to me?!
[MAN 64D]
Yeah, and who was that guy?
[MAN 64E] I'm not trusting
some random voice.
What?! Those little bastards!
You're not gonna do
what that dude said, are you?
Nah! He's sounds like
some wacked out super villain.
That guy sounded
like a total creep.
Ignore him.
Come on! When're we
having dinner, Mom?!
Huh? Oh. Yeah, right.
Let's go get pizza!
--[KIDS laughing]
--[GIRL] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
[MAN 64H]
Don't listen to him.
None of this has
anything to do with us.
What did he say?
[barks]
No. Hey, be cool! Shh!
Don't get him
madder than he is!
"Don't listen"?
"None of this has
anything to do with us"?
How dare them?!
How can they say that after
everything that's happened?
It's your planet!
How much more
do we have to sacrifice
before you take
responsibility for it?
[GOKU] C'mon, Earthlings!
What's going on down there?
Why isn't this Spirit Bomb
gaining any
of your spirit energy!
[KID BUU grunting]
[KID BUU growls]
No, it can't be! Buu!
[laughing]
Buu!
[BUU grunts]
[BUU]
Huh?
[grunting]
[KID BUU yells, laughs]
[BUU groaning]
B-Buu!
[BOTH holler]
He's done for!
You gotta help him!
I'm on my knees, begging!
[VEGETA growls]
[VEGETA] I will not ask those
idiotic Earthlings again!
Go! Get outta here!
[KING KAI] Don't say something
you'll regret, Vegeta!
You're the fool if you think
you can just demand
six billion Earthlings
to follow your orders!
Keep trying to persuade them!
Don't give up!
We got no other cards to play.
You have to make this work!
All right. Listen, Earthlings!
I'll say it again.
Everyone on Earth
put your hands in the air
and stop talking back!
Nooo! No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, it's hopeless.
[FRIEZA chuckles]
You can't get out of your
own way, can you Vegeta.
It was a good plan.
I'll give you that.
[chuckles]
At least you know now.
The human race and
their pitiful planet earth
are just not worth
the trouble of saving.
[laughing]
Hey. What have you been
saying to them, Vegeta?
Hardly anyone from
outside our circle of friends
is giving us their energy!
[VEGETA] I know! Despite all the
crazy things that have happened
to them, no one down there
believes a word I'm saying!
[grunts]
--[KID BUU grunting]
--[BUU hollering]
Damn it!
Hey! You stupid Earthlings.
You have to start
listening to me!
Do you wanna get turned into
candy again by Buu?
I swear this isn't some sort
of dream or practical joke.
It's your future! Now, come on!
Fight for your own
planet for once!
[NARRATOR] The more Vegeta tries
to get the people of Earth
to give Goku
their spirit energy,
the more they ignore him!
The Spirit Bomb
is the only way left
to defeat Majin Buu,
but Earth must be convinced!
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
We finally have a chance
to get rid of Majin Buu.
But how come
you guys won't help?!
[MR. SATAN]
People of Earth!
Listen to the world
champion, Mr. Satan!
Hurry up and give me the
strength to beat Majin Buu!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
Almost. Almost.
Yes! The Spirit Bomb is ready!